did we just send me a picture his thing
seriously
I think he's gonna add me to be a
girlfriend I mean don't you think those
Oh how would I know I can't seem to get
a boyfriend your word if you just put
yourself out there oh he's cute can I
talk to him give it to me oh so you have
a secret admirer
oh I don't oh so now you're ready to go
on a date I think so
I mean I know we haven't seen each other
in person but feel like we know more
about each other than people who meet
normally I have an idea
Halloween this is Friday I saw an ad for
a warehouse party okay what would I go
as how about a zombie cheerleader you
are the most beautiful dead girl I've
ever seen
thank you good morning Sadie
Brad you know my name is Chelsea your
name is Sadie now who are you I'm Sadie
I'm stopping us from getting into
trouble what's your name sister Sadie
your real name it's a good girl
you need to bleach your hair now why
because Brad says so everything is
because brad says so
something wrong Sadie you can tell me
this big mom
this is your new family is that no one
even tried to find a way out don't talk
about that we have to work together it's
our only chance
don't weep dope I'm not your sister he's
planning to kill you today you're just
trying to turn me against him
[Music]
you